us you like 49 other governors are
dealing with the situation on the ground
unique to your state tonight for you
what's your biggest concern and where
are you well you know I'm a lifelong
small bit I'm a lifelong small business
owner and nothing matters to me more
than getting our economy back on track
but we want to make sure we do so in a
safe way I'm very concerned about the
people that are out of work and about
the small business owners that are
suffering but we laid out a reopening
plan about 10 days ago that followed the
president's guidelines and unfortunately
in our in our state our numbers have not
yet started to decline or even plateau
where we're still going up and so we're
gonna be taking a look at it every day
to see when we can start to get things
back opened up again safely governor
Hogan you have suggested that the
federal government hasn't given you
everything that you require in terms of
testing and you know all of the reagents
and swabs and all of that I want to
listen to governor Murphy of New Jersey
when he was asked about this question
and then I'll ask you yours on the other
side watch this we've been able to find
common ground again based on the science
based on the facts of the reality in an
hour in our hour of need
I have to thank the president and his
team they have been there for us and I
appreciate that enormous Lee do you
agree with him on that well I I don't
know whether I agree with what he did
for New Jersey but I can tell you I
chair the nation's governors and the the
administration has been doing a great
job of communicating with all of us and
I think they've been really stepping up
and doing a much better job that we are
all starting to get much more supplies
with respect to PPEs and I think
everybody is seeing quite a bit of an
effort we've got a lot of help from the
federal government here in our state
from FEMA just in the past few days on
an outbreak we had on our on our Eastern
Shore and we're very grateful for that
so when it comes to testing do you think
you have everything you need now I don't
think there's any governor in America
that would say that we have everything
that we need with respect to testing
we've all been fighting and clawing to
try to find all of these differ
components I think the federal
government has done a good job of
stepping up I think they're trying to
ramp up production
I understand there's an announcement
coming tomorrow with respect to
potentially getting more swabs we're
trying to fight two in each state we're
also all the 50 states have been
fighting to get more additional supplies
on our own and the federal government
has been trying to work on that as well
so you know their take is that the
governor's have what they have asked for
and in some cases Brett revoir who is
running a lot of the testing on the
White House Task Force said that
Maryland was given even a little bit
more than what they've been giving
everyone else so you know is that your
is that your take that you've gotten
what you need from the federal
government well the president said about
a week or so ago that states were on
their own and that Thon's testing was a
local thing and they should go out and
do that themselves and that's really
basically what we did we went out and
got a half a million tests from Korea we
bought tests from different labs all
across the United States but the federal
government has been stepping up recently
and and FEMA has been getting us other
supplies that have been very helpful and
we've thanked the president and his team
for that help and what do you say to
those protestors who are out there or
just small business people who just say
gosh we can't we can't deal with this
much longer
you know I sympathize with them like I
said I'm a lifelong small business owner
I understand how difficult it is and we
have a reopening plan that follows the
president's guidelines and follows the
the NGA plan that we put out for all the
governors we're hoping you can get our
numbers to Plateau so we can get things
open as quickly as possible because
we've got too many people not working
and too many businesses that are
suffering we also want to make sure we
do it in a safe way because sadly our
numbers are climbing our deaths are
climbing and we've got to make sure that
we don't see the spike that we've seen
in other places like New York and New
Jersey and elsewhere across the country
all right governor Hogan thank you very
much for being with us tonight
good to see you sir so when we come back